# Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi  on Salafism Cult vs Methodology (2019-07-11)

<iframe loading='lazy' src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/goNXsRjhsww'></iframe>## Description

This is an interview with a prominent Salafi of the UK/US dawah movements who shares his thoughts on the Salafi Dawah and the SPUBS in particular.

## Summary of [Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi on Salafism Cult vs Methodology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goNXsRjhsww)

*

<span style="color:red; font-size:125%">This summary is AI generated - there may be inaccuracies</span>. \*

### <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3300')">00:00:00 \[00:55:00</a>

Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the difference between Salafism and methodology. He argues that Salafism is a cult while methodology is based on the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad. He also discusses the problems with Salafism cults, and how they differ from the methodology of the Salafi movement.

**<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('0')">00:00:00</a>** Selam aleykum, we're not going to lie - here what we care to discuss when it comes to trying to understand Islam in a general sense is that sometimes Muslims can be let down by the media, by Islamophobes, and by a range of different people who talk about Islam. One thing that is often under-emphasized, however, is that non-Muslims and Muslims alike are let down by Muslims themselves. Muslims also let down by Muslims who misrepresent Islam in both theory and practice. Today, we're going to be consulting with one of the most prominent Salafi preachers in the United Kingdom, Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi. He has since come to prominence in Salafi communities, and he has encountered many groups and sects that have distorted the image of Islam. He will be describing to us his experience with some of the main scholars of such groups or some of the main scholars that are referenced by such groups. We will learn from this what he thinks the difference is between a methodological Salafism and a group Salafism. This will be an interview hopefully which will shed light on some of the interactions between Salafis and between each other as well as between Salafis and sellers of Sharia-compliant products

*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('300')">00:05:00</a>** Discusses the difference between Salafism and other Islamic sects and how Salafism is simply Islam interpreted in the way of the Prophet Muhammad and his companions. He also discusses how afiyah (worship) should not be understood to be something else.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('600')">00:10:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the difference between salafism, as understood by the first generation of Muslims, and the more intolerant and extremist versions of salafism today. He notes that knowledge of the Prophet's teachings is critical in distinguishing between these different types of salafism. He also discusses the global movement of followers of General Adnan çelik, a prominent salafi scholar from Saudi Arabia, and how followers of this scholar can be dangerous to the community if they do not adhere to the teachings of the Prophet.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('900')">00:15:00</a>** This scholar discusses the difference between Salafism and methodology, and how Salafism followers should respect the personalities of scholars, but adhere to principles. He also discusses how a Salafist could disagree with a scholar's position on ahadith, and how the scholar would respond. Finally, the scholar discusses a Salafist's relationship with their teacher, and how they will never retract a mistake they make.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1200')">00:20:00</a>** Discusses how some of the former members of the Salafist cult, known as the Shabaab, have now turned against it and criticized its methodology. One brother, Fernando Hispanic, recounted an incident in which he claimed one of the cult's leaders, Abu Muslimah, was not practicing Islam any more and was instead devoted to women and alcohol.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1500')">00:25:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the difference between a Salafist cult and methodology. He says that Salafist cults are characterized by extreme behavior and disrespect, while Salafism as a methodology is based on respect for other scholars and adherence to Islamic values. He also discusses how a scholar's place in society affects their treatment.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1800')">00:30:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the differences between Salafism and methodology, stating that Salafism is a cult while methodology is based on the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad. He also discusses the Hernando incident, in which he claims a black man with whom he was traveling changed his mind about Islam after speaking to him. He ultimately decides not to give dower to Abu Hassan Amata, the man he was told was responsible for breaking his daughter away from Islam, because he does not believe he is capable of doing a good job.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2100')">00:35:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the conflicts between Salafism and methodology. He argues that, because Salafism is based on personal experiences and interpretation, there can be conflicts within the followers of the students. He also notes that, because the university of Johnny To is a prestigious institution, those who did not graduate would not be given the same level of respect.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2400')">00:40:00</a>** Discusses how certain Salafi practices can be seen as cult-like, and how this can lead to misunderstandings about the true nature of Sanofi. He gives advice to Salafi leaders on how to avoid this problem.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2700')">00:45:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the difference between a scholar and a student of knowledge, and how a scholar should behave. He also discusses the problem of Salafism cults, and how they differ from the methodology of the Salafi movement. He concludes by warning against the dangers of Salafism cults.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3000')">00:50:00</a>** Discusses the different types of people who can navigate through the challenges of Salafism, and offers advice to those who are involved in the sect. He warns against becoming a yes-man, and advises against letting others bully or pressure one into positions they do not agree with.
*   **<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3300')">00:55:00</a>** Sh. Abu Usama Atthahabi discusses the differences between Salafism and mainstream Islamic thought, and how Salafism can be harmful to Muslims if they do not adopt a methodical approach to understanding and practicing Islam. He also encourages Muslims to get knowledge and to act with wisdom and conscience.

<details><summary><h2>Full transcript with timestamps: CLICK TO EXPAND</h2></summary>

<a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('0)')">0:00:00 Selam aleykum we're not going to lie</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1)')">0:00:01 here what I care to when people try</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('4)')">0:00:04 understand Islam in a general sense</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('6)')">0:00:06 sometimes they can be let down by the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('8)')">0:00:08 media they can be let down by</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('10)')">0:00:10 Islamophobes they can be let down by a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('14)')">0:00:14 range of different people that talk</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('17)')">0:00:17 about Islam one thing that sometimes is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('20)')">0:00:20 under emphasizes the fact that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('22)')">0:00:22 non-muslims and Muslims alike are let</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('24)')">0:00:24 down by Muslims themselves they let down</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('27)')">0:00:27 by Muslims who misrepresent Islam in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('29)')">0:00:29 both theory and in practice today we're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('34)')">0:00:34 going to be consulting with one of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('37)')">0:00:37 most prominent Salafi diary or preachers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('42)')">0:00:42 that has come to the United Kingdom and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('47)')">0:00:47 has since then but being quite prominent</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('50)')">0:00:50 in Salafi communities Salafi meaning the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('54)')">0:00:54 way of the Companions in his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('57)')">0:00:57 interactions with other Salafis he's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('60)')">0:01:00 encountered many groups fringe groups</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('66)')">0:01:06 sectarian type fringe groups who have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('70)')">0:01:10 one could argue distort the image of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('72)')">0:01:12 Islam in both theory and practice today</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('76)')">0:01:16 he's going to be describing to us his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('78)')">0:01:18 experience with some of the main</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('81)')">0:01:21 scholars of such groups or some of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('86)')">0:01:26 main scholars are referenced by such</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('87)')">0:01:27 groups we will learn from this what he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('92)')">0:01:32 thinks the difference between a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('94)')">0:01:34 methodological salafism is and a group</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('97)')">0:01:37 Salafism this will be an interview</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('102)')">0:01:42 hopefully which will shed light on some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('105)')">0:01:45 of the interactions between Salafis and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('110)')">0:01:50 between each other not only that but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('113)')">0:01:53 between seller fees and on seller fees</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('115)')">0:01:55 hopefully this will be of use to you and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('118)')">0:01:58 of benefit to you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('122)')">0:02:02 it's not like a  \_\_  who's lighter but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('124)')">0:02:04 I care - I'm here with a war son that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('126)')">0:02:06 that we share who has come from the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('129)')">0:02:09 United States a prominent Indian Isis</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('132)')">0:02:12 dour and who's come to live in the UK</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('135)')">0:02:15 he's a graduate of Modena University and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('137)')">0:02:17 has since then been very prolific in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('140)')">0:02:20 selfie communities and interactions with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('143)')">0:02:23 all kinds of selfies and we're here to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('145)')">0:02:25 ask them questions generally about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('146)')">0:02:26 Salafism but also more specifically</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('149)')">0:02:29 about some of his own interactions so</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('151)')">0:02:31 I'll go check oh yeah so sure I wanted</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('156)')">0:02:36 to ask you general before for our</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('158)')">0:02:38 viewers what you understand from the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('161)')">0:02:41 term selfie and what is voice following</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('165)')">0:02:45 the certain you understand spinaroonie</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('167)')">0:02:47 left or salatu was-salam and also in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('170)')">0:02:50 that first of all I want to extend a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('173)')">0:02:53 warm welcome to how many job to my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('176)')">0:02:56 community here in a Liverpool well I'm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('179)')">0:02:59 at the hand and male lives our job put</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('181)')">0:03:01 your efforts of travelling from where</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('182)')">0:03:02 you came from all the way to here</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('184)')">0:03:04 putting your skills of good deeds from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('186)')">0:03:06 Okayama same thing weight of not a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('189)')">0:03:09 disclaimer but making things very clear</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('192)')">0:03:12 because I in the past did a few things</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('197)')">0:03:17 where I was giving advice to the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('198)')">0:03:18 brothers who are following the way of SP</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('202)')">0:03:22 specifically and we're gonna deal with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('203)')">0:03:23 these issues in Xalapa certain</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('205)')">0:03:25 publications yeah I always trying to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('209)')">0:03:29 maintain decorum and respect because my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('212)')">0:03:32 goal of my objective is not to fight</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('214)')">0:03:34 people yes my goal and my objective is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('216)')">0:03:36 to make the Dawa of a set of here clear</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('219)')">0:03:39 to people to the best of my ability and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('221)')">0:03:41 in trying to do that it becomes really</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('225)')">0:03:45 crucial that we have the etiquette of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('229)')">0:03:49 what we're claiming work on which is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('232)')">0:03:52 said of here as it relates to your</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('233)')">0:03:53 question a certain fear is the way that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('238)')">0:03:58 a Muslim is going to practice his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('241)')">0:04:01 religion the way that Allah has Maynard</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('244)')">0:04:04 and cometh upon everyone and what the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('246)')">0:04:06 prophet sallallaahu sudden has advised</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('249)')">0:04:09 to it as well as an ayah before I'm a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('251)')">0:04:11 lot of them mentioned they couldn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('254)')">0:04:14 I'm in cool I told women haja every</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('258)')">0:04:18 single group of people are big</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('260)')">0:04:20 communities every email we made for you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('263)')">0:04:23 a Sharia halal and Haram legislation of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('267)')">0:04:27 their way of life and we made for them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('270)')">0:04:30 in Manoj the main Hajj is the way that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('274)')">0:04:34 you go about practicing this religion</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('277)')">0:04:37 and the way that we go about practicing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('279)')">0:04:39 the religion is what I was called to in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('281)')">0:04:41 the Quranic commanded and what the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('283)')">0:04:43 prophet sallallaahu seven has also</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('285)')">0:04:45 Illustrated and called to in commandment</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('288)')">0:04:48 that is following the way of the setup</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('290)')">0:04:50 of this woman the son of this Ummah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('292)')">0:04:52 being at the top of the list the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('294)')">0:04:54 companions may Liza generally be pleased</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('297)')">0:04:57 with all of them and then those people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('299)')">0:04:59 were the students of the Companions</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('301)')">0:05:01 known as the tabie mean and then those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('303)')">0:05:03 people were the students of the tabi</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('305)')">0:05:05 mean and also most people came after</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('308)')">0:05:08 them so clearly we include the great</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('310)')">0:05:10 scholars of Islam and mathematic and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('313)')">0:05:13 Imam Abu Hanifa Imam Ahmed and Imam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('316)')">0:05:16 Shafi all for them and other than that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('318)')">0:05:18 all of them are from the people we call</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('322)')">0:05:22 and describe as the senate but at the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('324)')">0:05:24 top of the list is following of ascend</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('327)')">0:05:27 the way the Companions do so what they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('329)')">0:05:29 understood what Islam is it's what we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('331)')">0:05:31 understand other stands the be made</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('334)')">0:05:34 after the worships that they did we do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('337)')">0:05:37 the same thing but they didn't do we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('338)')">0:05:38 under the read or the ayah the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('342)')">0:05:42 celebrations that they did we do the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('344)')">0:05:44 same thing so if there was something</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('346)')">0:05:46 that the Companions had the ability to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('348)')">0:05:48 do at their time and they did not do it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('351)')">0:05:51 we don't do it as as simple as that and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('354)')">0:05:54 personally with my hood Cinnabun about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('356)')">0:05:56 the Muslims all of themselves</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('358)')">0:05:58 I don't believe there is a single Muslim</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('361)')">0:06:01 walking on the face of the earth no</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('363)')">0:06:03 matter what is method is no matter what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('365)')">0:06:05 it's must let is I don't believe that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('367)')">0:06:07 there is a Muslim in his right mind</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('369)')">0:06:09 except that every Muslim is going to say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('372)')">0:06:12 I don't have a problem with following a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('374)')">0:06:14 little bucket or not with manna 90 may</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('378)')">0:06:18 Allah be pleased with them and what they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('379)')">0:06:19 did is what we should be doing so what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('382)')">0:06:22 happens is that a lot of things get lost</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('385)')">0:06:25 in translation</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('386)')">0:06:26 because many people call themselves</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('389)')">0:06:29 Sanofi they may not necessarily get a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('392)')">0:06:32 good picture of what Senate fear is and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('395)')">0:06:35 so then it becomes confused to other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('398)')">0:06:38 people not selfie they complained</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('400)')">0:06:40 people's actions who are set a feud with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('403)')">0:06:43 what Senate feeds and before you us the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('406)')">0:06:46 next question I would just give this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('407)')">0:06:47 example I'm a revert to this religion</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('410)')">0:06:50 and I'm african-american and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('413)')">0:06:53 community that I came from was a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('415)')">0:06:55 community in which many Muslims came</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('418)')">0:06:58 into my community and took advantage of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('420)')">0:07:00 my people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('421)')">0:07:01 people were Pakistani people Indians</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('424)')">0:07:04 Afghanistan people were Arabs they came</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('426)')">0:07:06 into my community they so Hummer it's so</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('430)')">0:07:10 common they sold us pork they sold us</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('435)')">0:07:15 items that were out of date</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('437)')">0:07:17 they ripped us off some of it now when I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('440)')">0:07:20 looked at them they didn't give a good</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('441)')">0:07:21 picture of what Islam was now a person</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('444)')">0:07:24 who may be Asian person who may be our</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('446)')">0:07:26 person maybe whatever he's going to look</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('449)')">0:07:29 at me he's going to say we don't accept</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('452)')">0:07:32 from you on who some if you said you're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('454)')">0:07:34 going to reject and Liz Lemon because of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('456)')">0:07:36 what those people used to do in your</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('458)')">0:07:38 community because they were not a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('459)')">0:07:39 reflection of Allah slam they were</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('462)')">0:07:42 Muslims but they went out a reflection</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('464)')">0:07:44 about us man so I make that same point</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('465)')">0:07:45 we have to disconnect 70 people who have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('471)')">0:07:51 a responsibility to live up to the name</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('473)')">0:07:53 as Muslims have a responsibility to live</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('475)')">0:07:55 up the name of the snack but we don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('477)')">0:07:57 always do that but I'm just talking for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('479)')">0:07:59 people to understand don't reject the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('483)')">0:08:03 truth because so and so or this one with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('486)')">0:08:06 that one is not practicing the truth</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('488)')">0:08:08 this is something that al Islam rejects</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('491)')">0:08:11 and that's why I like Tyler mentioned</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('492)')">0:08:12 statement Allah yeah I mean I mean I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('496)')">0:08:16 recommend full circle like I do human</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('498)')">0:08:18 ballet that didn't oh you are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('501)')">0:08:21 responsible for your own selves to do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('503)')">0:08:23 what's right to follow the truth it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('505)')">0:08:25 doesn't hurt you if you do that those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('507)')">0:08:27 who go astray so that's what Senate fear</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('510)')">0:08:30 is in a nutshell so is it fair to say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('513)')">0:08:33 that really what you're describing is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('515)')">0:08:35 Islam when you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('517)')">0:08:37 in a sense that everything that a loss</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('520)')">0:08:40 of parallel to I like once and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('522)')">0:08:42 Companions did according to the way of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('524)')">0:08:44 the prophet really is Islam so Salafism</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('527)')">0:08:47 your understanding and it's lamb are two</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('529)')">0:08:49 sides of the same coin no doubt about it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('532)')">0:08:52 I said if he is an Islamic Mustafa an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('535)')">0:08:55 Islam which is pure and diluted and it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('539)')">0:08:59 is not contaminated with anything</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('542)')">0:09:02 it is a synonym for al-islam just as the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('547)')">0:09:07 Sunnah is a synonym for price in Islam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('551)')">0:09:11 the correct way and from Pattin Agia is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('554)')">0:09:14 a synonym for price in Islam the correct</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('557)')">0:09:17 way so I said afiyah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('559)')">0:09:19 shouldn't be understood to be something</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('561)')">0:09:21 else so we talk about things in an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('564)')">0:09:24 intellectual way we have to make sure</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('566)')">0:09:26 that we make this very clear but it's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('569)')">0:09:29 kind of like what the non-muslims make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('570)')">0:09:30 the mistake with when we say Allah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('573)')">0:09:33 we worship Allah we believe in Allah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('575)')">0:09:35 sometimes non-muslims think a lot is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('577)')">0:09:37 another guy other than the colic that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('580)')">0:09:40 anybody worships so when we say Allah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('583)')">0:09:43 they think we have our own guy unto</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('585)')">0:09:45 ourselves</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('586)')">0:09:46 no we're talking about and hodduk the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('589)')">0:09:49 lord of the worlds Allah Allah and Allah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('591)')">0:09:51 so son if he is the same way we don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('594)')">0:09:54 want people or people should not think</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('596)')">0:09:56 when we say said Afiya it's something</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('598)')">0:09:58 that is foreign something else no all it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('601)')">0:10:01 is the definition following this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('604)')">0:10:04 religion the way the first generation</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('607)')">0:10:07 followed this religion now will buckle</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('609)')">0:10:09 north man honey and the rest of those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('611)')">0:10:11 campaigns may Allah be pleased with that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('613)')">0:10:13 now a question I have is that there are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('616)')">0:10:16 some groups that emerged many of them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('619)')">0:10:19 very intolerant in different ways right</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('621)')">0:10:21 and that ascribe themselves to Salafism</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('624)')">0:10:24 they'll say I am a Salafi they'll say I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('627)')">0:10:27 am following the way of the Sahaba some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('629)')">0:10:29 of them were seeing overseas extremists</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('632)')">0:10:32 for example that do take fear and they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('635)')">0:10:35 they also claim to follow the Sahaba in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('637)')">0:10:37 our quarters here in this country in a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('640)')">0:10:40 part of the west we see ultra intolerant</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('643)')">0:10:43 people like you mentioned like</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('644)')">0:10:44 for example the set of publications</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('645)')">0:10:45 people like that find it very difficult</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('648)')">0:10:48 to communicate or to cooperate with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('651)')">0:10:51 other members of the Muslim community</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('653)')">0:10:53 how do we differentiate between salafism</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('656)')">0:10:56 as understood as a managed or as a way</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('659)')">0:10:59 if you like from the set of the group</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('663)')">0:11:03 all those individuals who ascribe to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('665)')">0:11:05 sell abysm only is a really important</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('667)')">0:11:07 that knowledge it plays a really</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('671)')">0:11:11 critical role in this because if a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('673)')">0:11:13 person has knowledge will be in a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('675)')">0:11:15 position to realize this is not said</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('678)')">0:11:18 afiyah and that over there is not said</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('681)')">0:11:21 Afiya but if a person is ignorant it's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('683)')">0:11:23 not in a position to discern can't make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('686)')">0:11:26 a distinction</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('687)')">0:11:27 it'll just base it upon mere claims mere</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('690)')">0:11:30 claims so I think that's really critical</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('693)')">0:11:33 that people understand as a lot</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('695)')">0:11:35 mentioning before army gave this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('698)')">0:11:38 comprehension as understanding to people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('700)')">0:11:40 for in Menton bhima for in a new beam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('704)')">0:11:44 environment will be defaulted Ethel</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('707)')">0:11:47 alas said to the prophets on a live</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('709)')">0:11:49 segment if the people believe the way</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('712)')">0:11:52 you and your companions believe and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('715)')">0:11:55 those people with diving right so all we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('717)')">0:11:57 have to do is know how and what was the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('720)')">0:12:00 Prophet upon us of Allah what he was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('722)')">0:12:02 senator so we know that the Nepean islam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('724)')">0:12:04 some vital something was a gentle man he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('728)')">0:12:08 was a gentle man he had a club he had a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('731)')">0:12:11 dad he has suffered he was truthful he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('735)')">0:12:15 was a person more than anything else who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('738)')">0:12:18 had an even be glad without any \[ \_\_ ]</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('742)')">0:12:22 when we feel like that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('743)')">0:12:23 so his Akiva his three bang what he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('746)')">0:12:26 believed how he worshiped and his mother</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('749)')">0:12:29 with the people look at that then we say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('751)')">0:12:31 anyone who's doing that that said if he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('754)')">0:12:34 even if he doesn't call himself son of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('756)')">0:12:36 you so I'm a person giving downward luck</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('758)')">0:12:38 I'm going to a message it I do not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('760)')">0:12:40 believe this wedge it for me to go in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('763)')">0:12:43 here beating the drum saying said it he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('764)')">0:12:44 said I don't have to do that mmm-hmm I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('766)')">0:12:46 don't have to do that and a person</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('768)')">0:12:48 doesn't have to even call himself sanity</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('771)')">0:12:51 Allah didn't reveal</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('773)')">0:12:53 make that wedding upon him so what we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('775)')">0:12:55 have to do is we have to look at what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('778)')">0:12:58 was the Prophet doing some love why he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('780)')">0:13:00 was sending them what was he up on and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('782)')">0:13:02 we say whoever is doing that then that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('785)')">0:13:05 individual is on a set Athiya and if the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('788)')">0:13:08 person is falling short of the mark</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('790)')">0:13:10 we don't exclude him and take them off</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('792)')">0:13:12 of a center fear we just say that he's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('794)')">0:13:14 not reaching all of what should have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('796)')">0:13:16 been reached and we're all falling short</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('799)')">0:13:19 of the mark</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('799)')">0:13:19 no doubt about that there is a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('801)')">0:13:21 concentration nowadays on the scholars</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('804)')">0:13:24 of Saudi Arabia and one particular</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('806)')">0:13:26 scholar has become very prominent</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('808)')">0:13:28 especially in terms of the you know the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('812)')">0:13:32 amount of followers that they've gotten</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('814)')">0:13:34 in terms of tough leads it's general</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('817)')">0:13:37 Adnan çelik and it's become almost like</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('820)')">0:13:40 a global movement now pockets of every</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('822)')">0:13:42 Muslim country have some followers who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('826)')">0:13:46 follow this this ship almost in a blind</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('830)')">0:13:50 following former what do you have to say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('832)')">0:13:52 about this and what were your kind of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('834)')">0:13:54 experiences with chef's ability as a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('836)')">0:13:56 relief to the brothers who were from the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('838)')">0:13:58 West American that you came I don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('841)')">0:14:01 think any of the brothers were on the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('843)')">0:14:03 scene right now have known a ship for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('846)')">0:14:06 being longer than I because when I was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('849)')">0:14:09 in and Medina I was close to the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('851)')">0:14:11 Sudanese students and they were very</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('853)')">0:14:13 close to a ship or beer a chef Trevino's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('857)')">0:14:17 me by my name for all of these years he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('860)')">0:14:20 never said to the group of brothers who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('862)')">0:14:22 claimed that they had this love for him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('864)')">0:14:24 to the degree where we find this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('866)')">0:14:26 although one of them was speaking they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('869)')">0:14:29 were letters just as extrusion extremist</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('873)')">0:14:33 yet extremism and one lecture the person</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('876)')">0:14:36 was sit there you say chef Coby and chef</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('878)')">0:14:38 Coby and  \_\_  gonna be 100,000 times and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('882)')">0:14:42 not mention Ola and not mention us love</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('885)')">0:14:45 so Malala who said this little they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('887)')">0:14:47 claim that they love and honor and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('890)')">0:14:50 respect and shall they do yeah but none</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('892)')">0:14:52 of them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('893)')">0:14:53 a chef will be longer than I've known</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('895)')">0:14:55 him and the chef Robbie moved out was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('898)')">0:14:58 and he is a style of the same because</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('901)')">0:15:01 other scholars have said that and as a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('903)')">0:15:03 result of that we have to respect him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('905)')">0:15:05 and he deserves that respect he's gained</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('908)')">0:15:08 that respect but although that is the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('911)')">0:15:11 case we have to say the truth the truth</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('913)')">0:15:13 is the truth that's what we learned from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('916)')">0:15:16 Sofia especially from the scholars who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('919)')">0:15:19 we met in shampoo or be used to be upon</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('922)')">0:15:22 that and used to teach people that way</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('924)')">0:15:24 that really respect people but we found</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('927)')">0:15:27 principles we respect with respect</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('929)')">0:15:29 personalities but we've followed</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('931)')">0:15:31 principles we don't follow individual</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('934)')">0:15:34 people like that so as a relates to chef</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('937)')">0:15:37 Robi is no doubt a scholar of this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('939)')">0:15:39 religion but a lot of people have they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('943)')">0:15:43 may go overboard with the shaykh rabee</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('944)')">0:15:44 to the point then one of the ships of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('948)')">0:15:48 these brothers and he was supportive of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('952)')">0:15:52  \_\_  Kerby and then medina right now his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('954)')">0:15:54 name is a ship</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('955)')">0:15:55 I'm the recommended Dean he has a good</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('959)')">0:15:59 relationship in hama didn't know Heidi</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('961)')">0:16:01 who broke away from Sheikh for being</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('963)')">0:16:03 there having problems I share up the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('965)')">0:16:05 memory a demon as a pushchair in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('967)')">0:16:07 Sunnah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('968)')">0:16:08 he was formed and he was asked about how</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('972)')">0:16:12 some people had this extremism in chef</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('975)')">0:16:15 Rafi and he said you know some of these</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('977)')">0:16:17 people worship ship would be very</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('982)')">0:16:22 metaphorically man now had some other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('986)')">0:16:26 person made this mistake about someone</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('988)')">0:16:28 else one example Shiva be said about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('990)')">0:16:30 same boat over Louisville Louisville in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('993)')">0:16:33 Louisville that same photo said that the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('997)')">0:16:37 itch the Islamic societies are societies</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1001)')">0:16:41 of a jagiya and as a result of that some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1005)')">0:16:45 people said that say they put a make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1007)')">0:16:47 takfeer of the Muslims I won't believe</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1009)')">0:16:49 say multiples make interfere I think he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1012)')">0:16:52 was speaking metaphorically back there</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1015)')">0:16:55 are things of jangly</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1016)')">0:16:56 meaning of the Muslim societies I don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1018)')">0:16:58 think it was making tech fear of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1020)')">0:17:00 everyone but what happens is if you an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1022)')">0:17:02 enemy to say the photo you take is worse</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1024)')">0:17:04 and even the worst possible</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1026)')">0:17:06 interpretation but if you were framed</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1028)')">0:17:08 I'm saying photo and you love him and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1030)')">0:17:10 respect them you give the best</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1032)')">0:17:12 interpretation so a chef</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1034)')">0:17:14 I'm the right member nadine</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1036)')">0:17:16 metaphorically said these brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1039)')">0:17:19 worship chef Robi he didn't mean that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1042)')">0:17:22 their profile but had he been their</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1044)')">0:17:24 enemy they would say you see guys making</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1046)')">0:17:26 touch here</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1047)')">0:17:27 mmm signs me context here but anyway he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1049)')">0:17:29 was pointing to the reality of many</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1052)')">0:17:32 prophets and that is that whatever shame</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1054)')">0:17:34 Kirby says that's what they're going to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1057)')">0:17:37 say if he says it's ha ha ha ha</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1059)')">0:17:39 he says it's Haram Haram if he says no</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1062)')">0:17:42 Teddy Gupta</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1063)')">0:17:43 he says you okay okay he says your major</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1066)')">0:17:46 style your major scum he says you're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1068)')">0:17:48 ignorant you're ignorant and that's what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1070)')">0:17:50 lot of times referring to when selling</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1072)')">0:17:52 the Quran about the I don't kita it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1074)')">0:17:54 turned like bam bam Houma batiment doing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1077)')">0:17:57 it that they take their priests and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1080)')">0:18:00 monks as lords along with Allah I comedy</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1084)')">0:18:04 Jackie really important when I went to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1087)')">0:18:07 Medina and the doors of the Santa Fe are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1090)')">0:18:10 open for me and I was in Medina shape</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1092)')">0:18:12 where be was one of the people who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1094)')">0:18:14 helped me to be on set a fear but one</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1097)')">0:18:17 thing that really Allah blessed me with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1099)')">0:18:19 was that I was looking towards Jordan -</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1102)')">0:18:22 what an amount and then Benny was saying</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1104)')">0:18:24 and then I been here at Matalan I mean</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1107)')">0:18:27 he he has students like the Shahada how</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1111)')">0:18:31 to be a chef before Hudson right the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1114)')">0:18:34 ship Hussein and Elijah and on and on</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1116)')">0:18:36 say demon Aladdin I was hot and Queenie</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1120)')">0:18:40 do love your son and Reuben and he has</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1122)')">0:18:42 many many students I have seen with my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1125)')">0:18:45 own eyes our students who are close to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1128)')">0:18:48 Ellen bang have refuted his positions</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1131)')">0:18:51 and his rulings on hadith and the band</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1134)')">0:18:54 would say the hadith is offended or died</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1136)')">0:18:56 his student will come and saying I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1138)')">0:18:58 disagree with the ship and give the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1140)')">0:19:00 opposite ruling I've seen that and that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1143)')">0:19:03 was the dollar and the tape</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1144)')">0:19:04 bang it was the same teacher our email</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1148)')">0:19:08 and imam abu hanifa rahmatullah nanny</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1151)')">0:19:11 who said to his students student Abu</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1155)')">0:19:15 Yussef yes wait wait ah yeah I got poo</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1157)')">0:19:17 one too you don't write everything that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1160)')">0:19:20 I say I say something today I make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1162)')">0:19:22 change it tomorrow I'm a human being I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1164)')">0:19:24 mean change my position don't probably</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1166)')">0:19:26 follow me like that so that's what I saw</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1169)')">0:19:29 with Ellen bang I will challenge you I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1172)')">0:19:32 will challenge you and anyone who else</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1174)')">0:19:34 is listening</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1174)')">0:19:34 find me a situation with beans brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1178)')">0:19:38 had disagree with shape for being</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1181)')">0:19:41 anything you're not gonna fight it just</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1185)')">0:19:45 as you won't find them retracting any</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1187)')">0:19:47 mistakes</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1188)')">0:19:48 mmm-hmm you won't find them retracting a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1190)')">0:19:50 mistake that make mistakes we all make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1192)')">0:19:52 mistakes the Prophet mention some about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1194)')">0:19:54 why didn't say that many summer fun inja</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1197)')">0:19:57 weather's quiet will be successful as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1199)')">0:19:59 long as you talk you're gonna make</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1200)')">0:20:00 mistakes</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1201)')">0:20:01 so you have to be willing to retract</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1203)')">0:20:03 your mistakes that's just what it is to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1205)')">0:20:05 be human</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1206)')">0:20:06 show me where one of those brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1209)')">0:20:09 retracted with the exception of brother</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1211)')">0:20:11 donut deep who said something that was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1214)')">0:20:14 an extreme statement yes a that the Nama</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1218)')">0:20:18 they contact SP to find out who said it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1222)')">0:20:22 be in the West and when that issue was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1225)')">0:20:25 brought to some of the scholars in Saudi</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1227)')">0:20:27 Arabia and all of the scholars are not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1229)')">0:20:29 only in Saudi Arabia but when that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1231)')">0:20:31 statement of his was brought to some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1233)')">0:20:33 long silence he retracted that publicly</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1235)')">0:20:35 that's the only retraction that I know</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1238)')">0:20:38 that came from any of those brothers and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1240)')">0:20:40 I'm not saying don't what a diva's with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1242)')">0:20:42 them right now but maybe I hope we get a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1244)')">0:20:44 chance to talk about down at the Balu</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1246)')">0:20:46 later on but my point is a Sheridan bats</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1249)')">0:20:49 a shareable thing me Loretta marvelous</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1252)')">0:20:52 land a ship movement Rockets away you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1255)')">0:20:55 will find their students refuting the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1258)')">0:20:58 positions of all of us ships with edit</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1261)')">0:21:01 with good manners but you won't find his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1265)')">0:21:05 brothers who follow shake forbid ever</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1267)')">0:21:07 saying the ship was wrong too</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1269)')">0:21:09 this  \_\_  was wrong for that which</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1271)')">0:21:11 brings me to this other issue if you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1273)')">0:21:13 don't mind there was a time when the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1276)')">0:21:16 study brothers were all together and we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1279)')">0:21:19 were united on the heart of one man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1282)')">0:21:22 although there were some differences but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1284)')">0:21:24 we were all together as a money UK and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1286)')">0:21:26 you can in America and they being a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1288)')">0:21:28 mid-90s at the beginning said if he has</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1290)')">0:21:30 started taking off we were all together</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1293)')">0:21:33 and I remember the issue that caused me</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1298)')">0:21:38 to become public enemy number one to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1300)')">0:21:40 them to this very day and had to do with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1303)')">0:21:43 the extremism in shape are there some of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1306)')">0:21:46 the brothers from the UK we had went</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1308)')">0:21:48 over to Saudi Arabia to do a seminar</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1311)')">0:21:51 knowledge based seminar I believe it was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1313)')">0:21:53 called the elbow bucket acid dip seminar</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1316)')">0:21:56 or it could have been there in my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1317)')">0:21:57 seminar it was those series I'm pretty</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1320)')">0:22:00 sure of a bucket a slug deep and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1323)')">0:22:03 brothers from Brixton and Luton were</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1326)')">0:22:06 having problems with the boolean of SP</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1329)')">0:22:09 trying to take over the Dow and so forth</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1332)')">0:22:12 so on</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1332)')">0:22:12 so I was one of the translators at the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1335)')">0:22:15 seminar so the brothers from Wilton like</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1337)')">0:22:17 brother Abdul Kadir Bush they said we're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1340)')">0:22:20 gonna have a meeting with Schecter of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1341)')">0:22:21 beer to try to get some understanding as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1343)')">0:22:23 to how to solve this problem amongst</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1346)')">0:22:26 ourselves so I said okay I'll come</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1347)')">0:22:27 I just went to be there it has nothing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1350)')">0:22:30 to do with me I wasn't the Imam of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1352)')">0:22:32 Brixton I wasn't connected to Luton and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1355)')">0:22:35 I definitely wasn't with that speed so I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1358)')">0:22:38 went as a translator a chef Bobby began</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1361)')">0:22:41 to lay into of the car the Bosch and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1364)')">0:22:44 used to Satan was telling them you have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1366)')">0:22:46 to go back and make peace and you have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1368)')">0:22:48 to do this you have to do that and you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1370)')">0:22:50 brothers but and he was really giving</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1372)')">0:22:52 him a goal for his money</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1374)')">0:22:54 and chakra be was very upset he was very</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1380)')">0:23:00 upset and then he made a statement that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1385)')">0:23:05 I couldn't accept because I know it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1386)')">0:23:06 wasn't true he said that the chefs from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1390)')">0:23:10 Jordan Sheridan Harry the chef Salim</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1394)')">0:23:14 Akil am a chef Musa Nasser Akhmatova</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1396)')">0:23:16 Hari and a chef Osama  \_\_  at that time</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1400)')">0:23:20 animal oh he said that these people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1404)')">0:23:24 along with Abu Hassan Marathi are trying</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1407)')">0:23:27 to take the attention of the Shabaab</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1409)')">0:23:29 away from the real Emma mean in him and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1412)')">0:23:32 they caused him the chibok to look at</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1415)')">0:23:35 them and I said well what are you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1419)')">0:23:39 talking about he said I'm the right man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1421)')">0:23:41 Hernando Hispanic brother who had</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1426)')">0:23:46 extreme views back then very intolerant</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1429)')">0:23:49 back then very intolerant the reason why</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1433)')">0:23:53 I'm saying his name is because I have to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1436)')">0:23:56 make it very clean he said I'm the right</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1439)')">0:23:59 man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1440)')">0:24:00 Hernando called me and he told me that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1443)')">0:24:03 these chefs supported someone who shaped</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1447)')">0:24:07 Ravi was not happy with their in America</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1449)')">0:24:09 our brother imam abu muslimah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1452)')">0:24:12 - allahu taala baraja i said what do you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1457)')">0:24:17 mean  \_\_  what do you mean he's a harem</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1458)')">0:24:18 a girl told me I said no \[ \_\_ ]</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1461)')">0:24:21 that's not true Hernando was not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1463)')">0:24:23 practicing Islam any more even and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1465)')">0:24:25 Hernando was known to be a person who as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1468)')">0:24:28 in his narrations and subtractors</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1470)')">0:24:30 narrations and the man is not even</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1472)')">0:24:32 practicing separately after being very</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1475)')">0:24:35 upset and very animated when I told him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1479)')">0:24:39 the reality of Hernando he calmed down</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1481)')">0:24:41 and he said I don't believe everything</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1483)')">0:24:43 that the Shabbat tell me when they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1485)')">0:24:45 called me one minute he was very upset</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1488)')">0:24:48 and then when I told him the reality of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1490)')">0:24:50 a commando he calmed down and said I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1493)')">0:24:53 don't believe it everything but the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1495)')">0:24:55 Shabbat tell me when they called me so I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1497)')">0:24:57 saw that  \_\_  repeat was very upset over</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1501)')">0:25:01 here and in a few minutes he came down</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1503)')">0:25:03 over here so it made me feel this thing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1507)')">0:25:07 is about designers with Abu Hassan Allah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1511)')">0:25:11 be that's that it was how I feel fellow</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1514)')">0:25:14 so there was a brother happens I was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1516)')">0:25:16 good friends with him at that time he's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1517)')">0:25:17 one of the leaders of SV his name is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1519)')">0:25:19 Musa Richardson and that time was a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1522)')">0:25:22 balance brother at that time I used to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1524)')">0:25:24 believe</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1524)')">0:25:24 that that brother when he goes back to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1526)')">0:25:26 America is going to be really beneficial</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1527)')">0:25:27 because it has good social skills and he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1530)')">0:25:30 was mature he was a good person anyway</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1534)')">0:25:34 he sent me an email to Maxie what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1536)')">0:25:36 happened at the midges what happened</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1538)')">0:25:38 with the city with the share I told them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1540)')">0:25:40 I'll tell you later when we talk but I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1542)')">0:25:42 saw some things in the shin that don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1545)')">0:25:45 allow me to take everything that he says</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1547)')">0:25:47 so those brothers from SP put pressure</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1550)')">0:25:50 on Musa Richardson who was not lived</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1553)')">0:25:53 them really at that time but they put</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1555)')">0:25:55 pressure on them they will go on a witch</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1557)')">0:25:57 hunt at that time Musa Richardson gave</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1560)')">0:26:00 them my email as I did that said and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1564)')">0:26:04 magister Amanda when you sit with people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1567)')">0:26:07 in cinematic mm-hmm especially if the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1570)')">0:26:10 canal is sensitive he gave them the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1573)')">0:26:13 email I don't blame them because</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1576)')">0:26:16 pressure it burst pipes you know the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1579)')">0:26:19 onion pipes if there's too much pressure</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1581)')">0:26:21 the primer bus so this is how it is but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1585)')">0:26:25 that was how I became public enemy</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1588)')">0:26:28 number one they read that I saw his \[ \_\_ ]</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1592)')">0:26:32 won't be some things that won't allow me</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1593)')">0:26:33 to take everything that he has to say to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1595)')">0:26:35 them that was disrespectful honest that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1598)')">0:26:38 statement if you just look at it from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1599)')">0:26:39 the face value I mean that's that's that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1601)')">0:26:41 you can say that about any so it was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1603)')">0:26:43 like the only one with Internet was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1605)')">0:26:45 saying it what did you see what did you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1608)')">0:26:48 see</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1609)')">0:26:49 and then thing we judge are you being</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1611)')">0:26:51 disrespectful all right but that's just</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1613)')">0:26:53 the point</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1614)')">0:26:54 to answer your question right that's the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1616)')">0:26:56 rule and the extremism that we feel let</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1620)')">0:27:00 me find manifested in some of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1622)')">0:27:02 brothers as it relates to a ship for a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1625)')">0:27:05 beer and ship would be doesn't deserve</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1627)')">0:27:07 that he doesn't deserve that type of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1629)')">0:27:09 work so what you've mentioned is not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1631)')">0:27:11 dissimilar from what dr. Baker mentioned</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1633)')">0:27:13 in some of his interactions as general</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1636)')">0:27:16 Granatelli in particular what he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1638)')">0:27:18 actually mentioned to us in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1639)')">0:27:19 interviews that there was a particular</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1641)')">0:27:21 took place on a whole arbitration</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1644)')">0:27:24 process and that it was overturned like</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1646)')">0:27:26 he was saying from one kind of extreme</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1649)')">0:27:29 to another one agreement was overturned</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1651)')">0:27:31 after someone convinced it might be an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1653)')">0:27:33 affiliate of a sudden thing so the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1657)')">0:27:37 question I will ask you is if that is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1659)')">0:27:39 the case and we know this of Cheryl</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1660)')">0:27:40 honey how is the way we should perceive</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1663)')">0:27:43 epidemic how should one have an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1666)')">0:27:46 interaction with scholarship generally</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1668)')">0:27:48 but more specifically about ship about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1670)')">0:27:50 honey</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1670)')">0:27:50 as we mentioned Shona B is a style no</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1674)')">0:27:54 doubt about that a scholar body and he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1676)')">0:27:56 is a scholar who is respected for the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1679)')">0:27:59 fill that he's in and and our religion</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1683)')">0:28:03 we make the table more than the sauce</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1685)')">0:28:05 and Allah says something in the Quran</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1687)')">0:28:07 with the Prophet said something so a lot</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1689)')">0:28:09 of them said APA is we take those two</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1692)')">0:28:12 sources and we glorify and we magnify</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1695)')">0:28:15 them so we had the statement of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1696)')">0:28:16 prophets on the lava egy the honey was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1699)')">0:28:19 sedimentary lemma one of the two NBA the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1702)')">0:28:22 scholars are the inheritors of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1704)')">0:28:24 prophets so if a ship would be is a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1708)')">0:28:28 scholar or any other scholar for that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1710)')">0:28:30 matter we have to raise them up</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1712)')">0:28:32 we'll have to respect them but we raise</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1715)')">0:28:35 them up to the degree that he deserves</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1717)')">0:28:37 there is a hadith and citing some in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1721)')">0:28:41 introduction in which I assure said well</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1724)')">0:28:44 Myrna and new medicine and nice Vanessa</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1727)')">0:28:47 know we've been commanded to people in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1729)')">0:28:49 their proper places don't treat your</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1731)')">0:28:51 parents as if they're children and don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1734)')">0:28:54 treat the policeman as if he has no</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1736)')">0:28:56 authority and don't treat the husband as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1738)')">0:28:58 if no we treat anybody in accordance to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1740)')">0:29:00 the treatment that they deserve</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1743)')">0:29:03 so Sheikh maybe he deserves that but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1745)')">0:29:05 although that is the case we just don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1748)')">0:29:08 go overboard and we look at the reality</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1750)')">0:29:10 I have seen with my own eyes I heard</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1753)')">0:29:13 with my own ears</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1754)')">0:29:14 things that I'm allowed me to take him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1757)')">0:29:17 as the Imam of a doclet ideal and that's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1761)')">0:29:21 not from the assume of the religion that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1763)')">0:29:23 we love each other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1764)')">0:29:24 each other I will summer and day I've</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1768)')">0:29:28 seen with my own eyes with my own ears</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1770)')">0:29:30 things I say no way I don't care if</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1776)')">0:29:36 mMmmm Benny said that I don't agree with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1779)')">0:29:39 that because I have my own eyes and my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1782)')">0:29:42 own ears on my own experience and also I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1784)')">0:29:44 have history on my hand since I've been</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1789)')">0:29:49 here at Myrtle I ve made that statement</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1791)')">0:29:51 there are a lot of things that have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1793)')">0:29:53 transpired that the amount of a giant</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1796)')">0:29:56 what ideal wouldn't say this wouldn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1799)')">0:29:59 judge people in this type of way and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1801)')">0:30:01 then we had number three Shelby himself</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1804)')">0:30:04 saying I'm not comfortable with that I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1807)')">0:30:07 am NOT the Imam of the Jacque with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1809)')">0:30:09 deities piece of them yes he said that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1810)')">0:30:10 that is you know from the licata</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1812)')">0:30:12 that's from his words he said I don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1814)')">0:30:14 accept that he said I am NOT the Eman</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1817)')">0:30:17 and then fourthly we have Scala singing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1820)')">0:30:20 then a jaw with ideal doesn't even exist</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1822)')">0:30:22 right now</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1823)')">0:30:23 shut up the license raj in other than</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1826)')">0:30:26 that they were saying this is what we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1828)')">0:30:28 have right now is liebe and Nima so from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1831)')">0:30:31 what I saw with my own eyes in my own</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1833)')">0:30:33 ears is that incident with a black man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1837)')">0:30:37 Hernando when the ship was saying one</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1840)')">0:30:40 thing one minute believing in that and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1844)')">0:30:44 then when I told him it's not like that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1846)')">0:30:46 Hernando he is that Hernando is not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1850)')">0:30:50 practiced in the religion Hernando is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1852)')">0:30:52 known for mubahala and being you know a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1854)')">0:30:54 person who as on two marriages and takes</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1857)')">0:30:57 nine races away from the reality and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1860)')">0:31:00 right away you calm down another issue</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1862)')">0:31:02 is when the elbow has a not only thing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1866)')">0:31:06 was very very hot and I had loved the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1868)')">0:31:08 respect firehouse in monarchy and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1870)')">0:31:10 still have love and respect so and just</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1872)')">0:31:12 before you go into that full of viewers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1875)')">0:31:15 that you could say that cannot agree was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1878)')">0:31:18 with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1879)')">0:31:19 wrongfully at one point without about it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1882)')">0:31:22 he was he respected him and I think doc</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1884)')">0:31:24 top didn't have to bake up yeah he moved</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1886)')">0:31:26 into that yesterday because it was mo</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1888)')">0:31:28 Hassan and Marathi yeah who sat with the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1890)')">0:31:30 brothers and then called chef Rafi and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1893)')">0:31:33 fact-check Robina said this is what I've</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1895)')">0:31:35 been agreed to and chevre be wrong</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1897)')">0:31:37 besides I'm on time that up sir to come</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1900)')">0:31:40 back and to break that kind of track</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1902)')">0:31:42 that's right that's what I experienced</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1904)')">0:31:44 yeah I'm gonna jump with the ideal he's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1906)')">0:31:46 a human being like everyone else but as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1908)')">0:31:48 I was mentioning run with this bubble</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1910)')">0:31:50 Hassan and morothy issue who has an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1914)')">0:31:54 Ahmadi when I went to chef Robbie's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1916)')">0:31:56 house with some brothers from America</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1920)')">0:32:00 and there were some brothers from his</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1922)')">0:32:02 students who were there one of those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1923)')">0:32:03 brothers is my brother uncle eat Ibrahim</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1927)')">0:32:07 Smith who's been a teacher there in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1929)')">0:32:09 Saudi Arabia for but what 2530 years</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1933)')">0:32:13 when I was staying in being as a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1934)')">0:32:14 teaching he's still there it was one of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1936)')">0:32:16 the brothers that was with me in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1938)')">0:32:18 mentions and we had left Medina and we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1942)')">0:32:22 went to the Umrah and we met up with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1945)')">0:32:25 chef Bobby in his house he let anybody</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1948)')">0:32:28 go but he kept us Danny gave us lunch</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1950)')">0:32:30 chef Lemmy told me why he denied a lot</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1955)')">0:32:35 he told me you are a pillar of asset</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1959)')">0:32:39 afiyah in the West you must go back and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1962)')">0:32:42 warn against Al Hassan and modern mm-hmm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1967)')">0:32:47 chef will be calling me a pillar of a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1969)')">0:32:49 Santa Fe in the West you can't be the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1972)')">0:32:52 imam of the jumpa the ideal making me</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1974)')">0:32:54 that pillow because I'm not at all upset</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1976)')">0:32:56 if he in the West so giving me that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1980)')">0:33:00 statement if he really believed that if</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1983)')">0:33:03 he really believed that it's not true I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1984)')">0:33:04 know that about myself and can't nobody</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1988)')">0:33:08 blow smoke in my ear or in my head to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1991)')">0:33:11 make me feel bigger than what I hear he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1994)')">0:33:14 said that to me and I don't accept it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('1996)')">0:33:16 because it angels natural the other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2000)')">0:33:20 thing I mentioned was I think down in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2002)')">0:33:22 the West year and as released I will</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2004)')">0:33:24 have said MonaVie this man has nothing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2006)')">0:33:26 to do with my daughter my mother and my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2009)')">0:33:29 father go far from the co far my family</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2012)')">0:33:32 members my community african-american</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2015)')">0:33:35 brothers and sisters in my community</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2017)')">0:33:37 therefore far those who are Muslims they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2020)')">0:33:40 need to know about the Sunnah our</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2022)')">0:33:42 children are growing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2024)')">0:33:44 and we have this issue of our children</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2026)')">0:33:46 leaving Islam and not practicing Islam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2028)')">0:33:48 we have the government's where we come</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2031)')">0:33:51 from making policies trying to change</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2034)')">0:33:54 Norma to this land</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2036)')">0:33:56 pushing homosexual sexuality down the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2039)')">0:33:59 throats of the people we have some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2041)')">0:34:01 serious I had some serious issues here I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2043)')">0:34:03 am NOT going back to give dower to Abu</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2046)')">0:34:06 Hassan Amata me they said no you must do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2049)')">0:34:09 it because you are they broken from the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2052)')">0:34:12 tower to center field the West must do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2054)')">0:34:14 it have we went back and forth I'm not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2056)')">0:34:16 doing that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2057)')">0:34:17 that's not my daughter trying to impress</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2059)')">0:34:19 upon him this is craziness</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2062)')">0:34:22 I'm not doing something like that but I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2065)')">0:34:25 saw that he was no someone he was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2067)')">0:34:27 insistent persistent I said okay I have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2070)')">0:34:30 a dish towel a bit of a problem and that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2073)')">0:34:33 is we just came from a Medina and in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2076)')">0:34:36 Medina I met up with your ship and my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2079)')">0:34:39 ship we are we study time in that ship</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2082)')">0:34:42 so we have some chefs who have different</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2085)')">0:34:45 levels of students and that shape that I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2088)')">0:34:48 was referring to was a chef up the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2089)')">0:34:49 mousse and I'm not bad</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2090)')">0:34:50 I've hit one we were with him and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2093)')">0:34:53 asked him with the American brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2095)')">0:34:55 what do you have to say about this war</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2098)')">0:34:58 that's going on with a shake of a B and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2100)')">0:35:00 I will hustle MonaVie he said you people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2102)')">0:35:02 should leave that and turn to beneficial</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2105)')">0:35:05 knowledge you should leave it and don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2107)')">0:35:07 worry about these things it only leads</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2109)')">0:35:09 to the hearts getting bad and so forth</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2111)')">0:35:11 so on I said so you're shipping out ship</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2113)')">0:35:13 a share of the lessons from our shield</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2116)')">0:35:16 this was his advice that we shall leave</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2119)')">0:35:19 it I should not talk about I was in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2120)')">0:35:20 MonaVie but you're telling me I should</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2122)')">0:35:22 chef Rafi told me Allah he a ship of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2127)')">0:35:27 Mersenne doesn't read about these issues</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2129)')">0:35:29 and you read he doesn't know about Abu</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2132)')">0:35:32 Hassan my username I about Selma you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2135)')">0:35:35 really you know mm-hmm thoughts about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2138)')">0:35:38 personal experiences that let me say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2141)')">0:35:41 that shekel it B is not the email of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2144)')">0:35:44 chocolate ideal because if I share of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2147)')">0:35:47 the Mersenne doesn't read and I will</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2150)')">0:35:50 salaries then woe unto pariah you know</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2154)')">0:35:54 read</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2155)')">0:35:55 we have the frigid NASA on reading if a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2158)')">0:35:58  \_\_ ] about the result \[ \_\_  up the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2163)')">0:36:03 Machine and I bad better he doesn't read</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2166)')">0:36:06 and I will service reading then way ha</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2171)')">0:36:11 2l Kira LTI is done and those are the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2176)')">0:36:16 experiences that I had my own</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2178)')">0:36:18 experiences so is this is it fair to say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2181)')">0:36:21 that there were huge and conflicts</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2184)')">0:36:24 between these misciagna live chef Manabu</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2188)')">0:36:28 election honey which the students were</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2192)')">0:36:32 involved in and as a result of this we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2195)')">0:36:35 find conflict within the followers of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2197)')">0:36:37 the students in simple as that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2198)')">0:36:38 no doubt it's as simple as that and what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2200)')">0:36:40 happened was unfortunately I believe a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2203)')">0:36:43 lot of people found that be a star to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2206)')">0:36:46 shine and burn bright by taking on board</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2210)')">0:36:50 and making it their responsibility to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2215)')">0:36:55 push the narrative of shaykh rabee those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2218)')">0:36:58 people who support Chikara beach where</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2221)')">0:37:01 we raised them up so they a lot of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2223)')">0:37:03 brothers who didn't study and I don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2225)')">0:37:05 have anything against people who didn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2227)')">0:37:07 study and a university because you can</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2230)')">0:37:10 be a person who has not stayed like the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2232)')">0:37:12 young brother abdul rahman hassan abdul</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2237)')">0:37:17 rahman hassan abdul rahman hassan hasn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2241)')">0:37:21 really studied in the university as such</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2244)')">0:37:24 but he has more knowledge than most of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2247)')">0:37:27 the people out there talking in my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2249)')">0:37:29 opinion so I'm not against people within</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2252)')">0:37:32 study doesn't mean that inherently you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2254)')">0:37:34 don't know what you're talking about but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2256)')">0:37:36 when we see people who have not been</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2258)')">0:37:38 training they have not stayed at all we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2260)')">0:37:40 see some of the mistakes and statements</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2262)')">0:37:42 of nonsense that they're making and some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2264)')">0:37:44 of what they had to do with the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2266)')">0:37:46 confusion of the fold that that's going</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2267)')">0:37:47 on that's looking the best blameworthy</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2270)')">0:37:50 that is blame rude</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2272)')">0:37:52 so what happened was the university of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2275)')">0:37:55 johnny to the selenium medina is a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2277)')">0:37:57 prestigious university just like them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2280)')">0:38:00 and Egypt so if someone were able to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2283)')">0:38:03 graduate from there it's going to give</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2286)')">0:38:06 him a level of respect and credibility</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2288)')">0:38:08 and if a person didn't graduate you may</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2291)')">0:38:11 not get that same level of respect so I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2295)')">0:38:15 found that there were a group of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2297)')">0:38:17 brothers who they didn't accomplish</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2300)')">0:38:20 graduating from in a university Davison</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2304)')">0:38:24 I will put each other yeah well yes</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2306)')">0:38:26 those people and what happened was they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2309)')">0:38:29 took on board the battles of shaker beer</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2312)')">0:38:32 and then they raise the flag of and when</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2315)')">0:38:35 I want bara whatever position check for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2318)')">0:38:38 B hell's you have to hold it and when he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2320)')">0:38:40 didn't hold you can't hold it and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2321)')">0:38:41 whatever you take this absent that we're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2324)')">0:38:44 gonna wage or an issue that's matter it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2326)')">0:38:46 shampo be raised up many of these people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2328)')">0:38:48 which brings me to another very</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2330)')">0:38:50 important point about the Senate here</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2331)')">0:38:51 when I said that Senate fear is a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2334)')">0:38:54 synonym for of Islamism in hydropower</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2337)')">0:38:57 process ma'am and it is alyssum and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2340)')">0:39:00 Mustafa in a setting fear</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2342)')">0:39:02 Michael Islam you can't leave anything</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2345)')">0:39:05 out from this land that you are supposed</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2347)')">0:39:07 to practice so you can't cherry pick</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2350)')">0:39:10 this or that and leave it out I don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2352)')">0:39:12 want to wade each other I don't want to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2354)')">0:39:14 pray I don't want to do this I want to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2356)')">0:39:16 do that if it's magic you have to do it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2358)')">0:39:18 if it's Haram you have to leave it alone</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2360)')">0:39:20 the point is it is not befitting for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2362)')">0:39:22 believe in Mamo believing woman if a lot</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2364)')">0:39:24 its message to decide a thing that have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2366)')">0:39:26 any say-so in that affair all right so</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2369)')">0:39:29 we can't leave anything about Alice lamb</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2372)')">0:39:32 out but let's say that a group of people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2375)')">0:39:35 on set if he hill where everything that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2377)')">0:39:37 there's  \_\_  for everything that they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2379)')">0:39:39 think is correct you can't leave that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2384)')">0:39:44 that's what they believe they believe</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2386)')">0:39:46 that they embody hell Islam with a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2388)')">0:39:48 Sunnah now you have any right to say I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2390)')">0:39:50 don't follow what ship rugby says in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2392)')">0:39:52 that and I don't agree with what you're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2393)')">0:39:53 saying in that and I am NOT leaving</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2395)')">0:39:55 anything off from Ellis lat</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2398)')">0:39:58 but when the person has a but not be as</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2401)')">0:40:01 understanding said if he is this and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2404)')">0:40:04 shape and body centered here and we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2406)')">0:40:06 embody a said it via I said no that is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2410)')">0:40:10 his penis that is an occult eye every</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2414)')">0:40:14 right to reject what you said what he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2417)')">0:40:17 said I don't agree with your point of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2418)')">0:40:18 view so I said if you have again it is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2422)')">0:40:22 not what for Landsat or I'll and sad</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2425)')">0:40:25 this group of that group it is what the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2428)')">0:40:28 Prophet SAW Allah I do subtle boy and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2430)')">0:40:30 what those companions may allah be</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2431)')">0:40:31 pleased with them what they understood</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2433)')">0:40:33 and what they practice and that's why</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2435)')">0:40:35 there's a ship from saudi arabia and i</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2437)')">0:40:37 won't believe all ships are from saudi</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2439)')">0:40:39 arabia</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2440)')">0:40:40 his name is better than rotating better</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2444)')">0:40:44 and rotated the brother from Nelson a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2447)')">0:40:47 lot bass and a bead those brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2450)')">0:40:50 brought him here now remember defeating</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2451)')">0:40:51 those brothers with translating the fame</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2453)')">0:40:53 he has a beautiful clip that's been</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2456)')">0:40:56 translated on the internet when he was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2458)')">0:40:58 saying what said in figure is and what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2460)')">0:41:00 it is it and he was saying I said if he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2462)')">0:41:02 is bill why he gained I said if he is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2465)')">0:41:05 being kind to your guests as seven feet</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2468)')">0:41:08 is being clean as seven fee is being</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2470)')">0:41:10 merciful a son if he is all of that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2472)')">0:41:12 asset if he is refuting people who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2475)')">0:41:15 should be refuted in the way that they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2476)')">0:41:16 should be refuted but said if he is not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2479)')">0:41:19 all about reputation soon if he does not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2483)')">0:41:23 me following your  \_\_  that's not safe</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2486)')">0:41:26 here</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2486)')">0:41:26 cause the question on this I was gonna</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2488)')">0:41:28 ask the question of for instance one of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2491)')">0:41:31 the things that's happening now in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2493)')">0:41:33 West is that if there's a dire or a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2496)')">0:41:36 public figures share poor scholar that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2498)')">0:41:38 is seen sitting with someone who is not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2502)')">0:41:42 seen as a Salafi say for example is a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2504)')">0:41:44 Shiite or he is a Sufi or something of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2508)')">0:41:48 that of that nature then they say that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2511)')">0:41:51 person is now become a mocktail an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2513)')">0:41:53 innovator where that happens on the one</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2516)')">0:41:56 hand there's also a contradiction in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2519)')">0:41:59 fact that we sometimes see general man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2521)')">0:42:01 was telling himself some of the major</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2523)')">0:42:03 scholars of Saudi Arabia sin with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2525)')">0:42:05 scholars who are also Sufi or she I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2528)')">0:42:08 whatever so is there a big double</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2530)')">0:42:10 standard in the way there</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2531)')">0:42:11 by the principal's it is a major double</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2534)')">0:42:14 Stamper major double standard I actually</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2536)')">0:42:16 gave some words of advice to these</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2539)')">0:42:19 brothers and one of the words of advice</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2542)')">0:42:22 about six years ago in Ramadan was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2545)')">0:42:25 called the double standards of SP that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2548)')">0:42:28 double standards and I mentioned in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2550)')">0:42:30 there how shameless lendable taymiyah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2552)')">0:42:32 and his story in opium and other than</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2555)')">0:42:35 them they had showed how it is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2557)')">0:42:37 permissible to cooperate with innovators</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2560)')">0:42:40 and non-muslims and evil people and evil</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2563)')">0:42:43 doers when you're doing something under</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2566)')">0:42:46 the umbrella of al-islam and only to be</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2568)')">0:42:48 accomplished by doing it in that way and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2570)')">0:42:50 the harms don't outweigh the benefits</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2574)')">0:42:54 and so forth and so on and how the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2577)')">0:42:57 shaykh rabee went to sue them and he sat</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2579)')">0:42:59 with the sufi xxx out of a sofia he sat</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2585)')">0:43:05 with them and he gave them down and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2586)')">0:43:06 there's nothing wrong with that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2588)')">0:43:08 how a ship will be in Saudi Arabia at</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2591)')">0:43:11 set and a meeting where their leader</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2593)')">0:43:13 called some of the Ghanim on some of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2596)')">0:43:16 shield some of the doctors some of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2598)')">0:43:18 Islamic thinkers he told them what we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2601)')">0:43:21 buddy to come together and we wanted to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2603)')">0:43:23 address this issue about the identity</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2605)')">0:43:25 and preserving the identity of our</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2607)')">0:43:27 country our national our nationalism</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2611)')">0:43:31 ashecliffe he went to that he had to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2614)')">0:43:34 obey the ruler but in that meeting were</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2617)')">0:43:37 people curse the companion self in that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2620)')">0:43:40 meeting were people from the Shia and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2623)')">0:43:43 that rule may not meet people from Sufis</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2626)')">0:43:46 because they represented all walks of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2628)')">0:43:48 life of Saudi Arabia so he went and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2630)')">0:43:50 believe his participation in that was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2633)')">0:43:53 under the umbrella of a sentence not to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2635)')">0:43:55 be blamed for slaw yeah so when Shelby</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2638)')">0:43:58 does it it's okay when they do it it's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2641)')">0:44:01 okay but how many Jack some brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2644)')">0:44:04 were telling me about new mommy each</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2646)')">0:44:06 other and you know this is only my third</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2647)')">0:44:07 time meeting you don't sit with mommy he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2650)')">0:44:10 job don't sit with my mini job why</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2653)')">0:44:13 shouldn't I sit with the brother because</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2654)')">0:44:14 of this is that well number one I didn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2656)')">0:44:16 see</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2657)')">0:44:17 and number two I'm gonna talk to him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2659)')">0:44:19 about that and after I talk to you about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2661)')">0:44:21 those things I am sitting with you I'm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2665)')">0:44:25 silly because what I'm trying to do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2667)')">0:44:27 overall I believe it I have a goal and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2670)')">0:44:30 objective what I'm trying to do in terms</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2672)')">0:44:32 of making it clear to people hey this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2674)')">0:44:34 extremism and  \_\_  might be as a problem</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2678)')">0:44:38 it is a problem because it is giving</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2681)')">0:44:41 people a misunderstanding about what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2683)')">0:44:43 Sanofi it really is and there's another</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2685)')">0:44:45 issue that's really critical to Mattox</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2687)')">0:44:47 we are acting like what we call in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2690)')">0:44:50 America the Keystone Cops back in the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2694)')">0:44:54 days Laurel and Hardy the Three Stooges</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2697)')">0:44:57 way back in the day where they had</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2699)')">0:44:59 silent movies there are cops used to run</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2702)')">0:45:02 around looking for the criminal and they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2704)')">0:45:04 would just move very very quickly</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2705)')">0:45:05 bumping into each other bumping into the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2708)')">0:45:08 walls like clowns this is how we are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2711)')">0:45:11 behaving you and I are going to hate</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2715)')">0:45:15 each other and be enemies to each other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2716)')">0:45:16 because check or Abby doesn't like this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2719)')">0:45:19 person of that person and based it on</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2721)')">0:45:21 that you and I are fighting each other</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2723)')">0:45:23 over those people you're going to scream</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2728)')">0:45:28 this the scene is the same now telling</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2730)')">0:45:30 it was not the sundeck by the word of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2732)')">0:45:32 the cop and that's why that's why when</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2734)')">0:45:34 we find those people were with those</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2737)')">0:45:37 brothers I think they have about 30</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2739)')">0:45:39 people from their shifts and students</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2742)')">0:45:42 who have been thrown off of the midnight</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2745)')">0:45:45 balance brothers what kind of doll is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2747)')">0:45:47 that what kind of doll is that one of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2750)')">0:45:50 the things that made me also say</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2752)')">0:45:52 Schaeffler be is not I don't accept him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2754)')">0:45:54 in the Imam of a judgment ideal is the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2758)')">0:45:58 problem with Mohammed that you had in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2759)')">0:45:59 much honey how many even know have you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2762)')">0:46:02 met him he was singing the same tune of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2765)')">0:46:05 shepper be well he shouldn't be likes he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2767)')">0:46:07 likes he doesn't make it as a mic and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2770)')">0:46:10 remember he is about four five years ago</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2772)')">0:46:12 she flatly said home didn't know having</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2774)')">0:46:14 mockery is from the key bar and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2776)')">0:46:16 remember I heard that with my own ears</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2779)')">0:46:19 and I sold mine I was shocked and the SP</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2782)')">0:46:22 was saying the same thing when they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2785)')">0:46:25 definitely got that chef Robi that was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2787)')">0:46:27 his ruling</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2788)')">0:46:28 but some people were criticizing he said</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2790)')">0:46:30 it's from the major scholars that was</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2793)')">0:46:33 another thing when I heard I know Miami</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2795)')">0:46:35 didn't bill happy of my time he has</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2798)')">0:46:38 knowledge and I remember he was in my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2800)')">0:46:40 focal t good at the dollar and we used</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2804)')">0:46:44 to love him because when he will come</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2806)')">0:46:46 for his class which always began after</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2809)')">0:46:49 the morning break like they call the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2813)')">0:46:53 foot hop he would come in the third</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2815)')">0:46:55 period every day he would win his wish</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2818)')">0:46:58 he would have his phone that was halfway</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2821)')">0:47:01 to a sub and he would walk in there with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2824)')">0:47:04 ASA and my Korea there were a lot of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2828)')">0:47:08 people who are so lorries and incline</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2831)')">0:47:11 and stuff like that Eliezer jump died</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2833)')">0:47:13 all of the Muslims to the Sunnah and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2835)')">0:47:15 bring us together on the hop and the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2838)')">0:47:18 ship used to walk through and I used to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2840)')">0:47:20 look at her - to save my shuttle life he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2842)')">0:47:22 kind of beaten he gave this error</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2844)')">0:47:24 I don't care what you think and I like</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2846)')">0:47:26 that it wasn't arrogant I thought and I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2850)')">0:47:30 felt it was the strength of the Sunnah</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2853)')">0:47:33 and one thing that I learned about him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2855)')">0:47:35 is he is not a guest man you're not</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2857)')">0:47:37 gonna push him around</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2858)')">0:47:38 so now bad he broke away from  \_\_  but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2861)')">0:47:41 be because he doesn't agree with some</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2863)')">0:47:43 people who share a be likes he doesn't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2865)')">0:47:45 like them so he just thrown off of a set</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2867)')">0:47:47 of here</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2868)')">0:47:48 but anyway ashamed when Sharabi said</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2871)')">0:47:51 that he was a me just Staller I said man</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2874)')">0:47:54 come on man except that I studied in</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2879)')">0:47:59 sunny way I know the difference between</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2881)')">0:48:01 meter scholar and a student of knowledge</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2883)')">0:48:03 we are students of knowledge who are up</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2886)')">0:48:06 we are as a student knowledge was strong</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2888)')">0:48:08 a majors lunar knowledge there's a minus</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2891)')">0:48:11 term enough knowledge but from the keep</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2893)')">0:48:13 our dilemma now once they had a problem</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2898)')">0:48:18 now he's ignorant from the keyboard now</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2901)')">0:48:21 he's ignorant he is lazy doesn't that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2903)')">0:48:23 books these are some of the reasons I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2907)')">0:48:27 saved my own knives in my own ears I'm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2910)')">0:48:30 an exception probably as being the Imam</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2912)')">0:48:32 of a jacket ideal doing our times nor do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2915)')">0:48:35 I see him</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2916)')">0:48:36 as a person who as those brothers stay</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2918)')">0:48:38 with their Moodle we test people by</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2921)')">0:48:41 shaker beer and then taking the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2924)')">0:48:44 statements of the set of matter context</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2926)')">0:48:46 we don't test people with chick rugby</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2928)')">0:48:48 what are you talking about but again</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2930)')">0:48:50 they get this stuff from people want</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2932)')">0:48:52 higher than them right because I'm happy</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2934)')">0:48:54 to have it much tougher yeah said anyone</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2937)')">0:48:57 anyone who goes to Mecca you don't go</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2940)')">0:49:00 see Sheikh for a beer</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2941)')">0:49:01 something's wrong with yourself either</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2943)')">0:49:03 that's extreme that is extreme and this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2947)')">0:49:07 is what we've done we brothers come on</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2948)')">0:49:08 you have to get off of that stuff relax</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2951)')">0:49:11 and polish yourself you don't know</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2952)')">0:49:12 brother Muhammad hijab how many times I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2956)')">0:49:16 have made a public attempt to invite</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2960)')">0:49:20 those brothers come come come let's come</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2963)')">0:49:23 to the table to discuss the situation</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2967)')">0:49:27 can you imagine I know that you do down</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2970)')">0:49:30 the people were atheist and so forth and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2973)')">0:49:33 so on and atheist comes to you and says</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2977)')">0:49:37 listen Muhammad you Jack listen with all</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2980)')">0:49:40 sincerity I'm not here to argue with you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2982)')">0:49:42 man I really want you to explain to me</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2985)')">0:49:45 how does a lie insist I'm gonna listen</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2987)')">0:49:47 would you let me say to another lap time</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2990)')">0:49:50 for you and I have time for you because</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2992)')">0:49:52 I have to eat lunch I'll have time for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2994)')">0:49:54 you because you're not sincere I'll have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2996)')">0:49:56 time for you because your visitor your</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('2997)')">0:49:57 that would that be the response so we've</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3001)')">0:50:01 set to those brothers so many times</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3003)')">0:50:03 come come come I want to hear why i'ma</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3006)')">0:50:06 tell you I want to hear that we doing</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3009)')">0:50:09 the little I want to hear it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3011)')">0:50:11 and if what you're saying is true I'm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3013)')">0:50:13 gonna make tawba I'm gonna stop I'm</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3015)')">0:50:15 gonna do right thing yeah you know what</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3016)')">0:50:16 their response is yeah we don't sit with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3019)')">0:50:19 the people bigger we don't sit with us</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3023)')">0:50:23 yes crazy right this is that my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3026)')">0:50:26 sincerity can I ask a question on this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3028)')">0:50:28 because do you think that they think</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3031)')">0:50:31 that they are more ahead that they for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3033)')">0:50:33 example those people in sp</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3035)')">0:50:35 they're the main figures some someone</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3037)')">0:50:37 like Al Hadid you or someone like Bill</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3039)')">0:50:39 Davis or everywhere else and didn't feel</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3041)')">0:50:41 they do make them do they they have made</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3044)')">0:50:44 a deal myself</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3046)')">0:50:46 delfield admitted the army and his home</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3048)')">0:50:48 on his own without any scholars so the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3051)')">0:50:51 question is what gives them the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3054)')">0:50:54 confidence to be able to do that by</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3056)')">0:50:56 themselves I think it's a classic case</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3059)')">0:50:59 of what's been mentioned in the Quran</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3060)')">0:51:00 hmm like the statement we allowed Todd I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3065)')">0:51:05 mentioned singing a shakedown alone so</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3068)')">0:51:08 I'm Annie</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3069)')">0:51:09 she thought maybe actions seem alluring</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3072)')">0:51:12 to that and okay and then we had that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3075)')">0:51:15 other issue a little world war where a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3077)')">0:51:17 person is impressed with himself I'm 70</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3080)')">0:51:20 we are the center few where the cream of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3083)')">0:51:23 the crop and everybody else's off of it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3086)')">0:51:26 we are therefore cut energy up and they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3089)')">0:51:29 exist like that you don't see this level</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3092)')">0:51:32 of aiming slowed down pump your brakes</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3095)')">0:51:35 or slow down so just to summarize now I</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3102)')">0:51:42 mean what kind of advice would you give</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3104)')">0:51:44 people that are involved in this that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3107)')">0:51:47 are in this kind of some really tragic</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3110)')">0:51:50 stories for example when we talk about</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3111)')">0:51:51 dr. Baker about literally families being</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3114)')">0:51:54 divided being broken up husband husband</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3117)')">0:51:57 being divorced my wife first they kept</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3120)')">0:52:00 happening because the person move today</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3123)')">0:52:03 we've heard real stories about you know</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3126)')">0:52:06 communities being broken up not just</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3127)')">0:52:07 families but the whole community be</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3129)')">0:52:09 broken up people sing Islam as an</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3132)')">0:52:12 intolerant religion because of this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3133)')">0:52:13 group ISM the sectarianism what advice</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3136)')">0:52:16 would you give people that are involved</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3140)')">0:52:20 in this that might be benefiting from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3142)')">0:52:22 this or how to get out of this well</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3146)')">0:52:26 first of all I think is really important</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3149)')">0:52:29 that we understand that the seraphic</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3151)')">0:52:31 community we do not have a monopoly on</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3153)')">0:52:33 trauma and misbehavior and things that</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3157)')">0:52:37 causes the eius to weep and the hearts</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3160)')">0:52:40 to become say all sects all groups have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3163)')">0:52:43 the issues and the challenges but my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3166)')">0:52:46 issue that we're dealing with right now</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3168)')">0:52:48 is just this thing where people are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3171)')">0:52:51 talking as if they're the cream of the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3174)')">0:52:54 crop and the laws give to the universe</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3176)')">0:52:56 and all this trouble that's being caused</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3179)')">0:52:59 brother so speaking to this narrative so</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3182)')">0:53:02 to answer that question there are three</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3184)')">0:53:04 types of people that I've found over the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3187)')">0:53:07 years who have been able to navigate</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3189)')">0:53:09 through this thing properly three types</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3192)')">0:53:12 of people so a person has to be from two</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3195)')">0:53:15 of them at least the first person is the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3199)')">0:53:19 one who has been impressed so the one</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3202)')">0:53:22 who tasted the oppression being looked</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3204)')">0:53:24 and say man this is not right</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3205)')">0:53:25 whether it's a man or woman people have</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3208)')">0:53:28 been impressed by that right and ready</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3210)')">0:53:30 hmm what happened with the people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3213)')">0:53:33 already the way some of their brothers</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3215)')">0:53:35 were dealt with and the way they treated</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3217)')">0:53:37 people without giving them the benefit</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3219)')">0:53:39 doubt but the sad thing is that the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3222)')">0:53:42 brothers have read it many times they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3224)')">0:53:44 won't see that that's what they did to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3226)')">0:53:46 other people the brothers were oppressed</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3229)')">0:53:49 by them in reading the way they were</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3230)')">0:53:50 dealt with and they don't like it then</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3233)')">0:53:53 the reading brothers are doing that with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3235)')">0:53:55 other people so if you that's the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3236)')">0:53:56 reading brother why is this brother tell</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3238)')">0:53:58 you that they don't know instead of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3240)')">0:54:00 Parador the same garbage that they've</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3242)')">0:54:02 been hearing so people have been</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3244)')">0:54:04 impressed they know that it's not right</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3247)')">0:54:07 the second two things and this is my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3249)')">0:54:09 fighting speed from these two people is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3251)')">0:54:11 the person who is not a yes-man if</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3255)')">0:54:15 you're not a yes-man like the jagiya</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3257)')">0:54:17 your personality is you're not the type</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3259)')">0:54:19 of person people would come and push you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3261)')">0:54:21 off the square and just because everyone</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3264)')">0:54:24 says that you're gonna get with the</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3265)')">0:54:25 program you make up your own mind you're</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3267)')">0:54:27 your own man because they put so much</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3269)')">0:54:29 pressure on people like I told you Musa</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3271)')">0:54:31 Richardson it gave my person email to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3274)')">0:54:34 that because my problem with that and he</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3276)')">0:54:36 was my friend</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3276)')">0:54:36 and he subsequently became one of them</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3278)')">0:54:38 and when I talked about his people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3281)')">0:54:41 skills that was back then definition now</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3284)')">0:54:44 so you can't be a yes-man I have always</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3288)')">0:54:48 told my students like musty mink when</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3292)')">0:54:52 they would say what they mean does this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3293)')">0:54:53 movie make is that I said listen don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3295)')">0:54:55 let anybody push you and bully you into</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3299)')">0:54:59 a position for is people say what you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3302)')">0:55:02 believe and then let the chips fall</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3304)')">0:55:04 where they went men the last person is</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3306)')">0:55:06 the one who has knowledge people are</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3309)')">0:55:09 basic now</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3310)')">0:55:10 No what they're doing is not right how</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3313)')">0:55:13 in the world can you force everybody to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3316)')">0:55:16 take your position of  \_\_  for</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3317)')">0:55:17 disposition and if you don't take their</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3320)')">0:55:20 position then you're not on the sooner</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3322)')">0:55:22 you have to be boycotted you're to be</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3324)')">0:55:24 isolated and ostracized and marginalize</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3327)')">0:55:27 where does that come from a person who</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3329)')">0:55:29 has knowledge of this religion they'll</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3331)')">0:55:31 take those statements that they use from</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3333)')">0:55:33 the seller final context and say you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3335)')">0:55:35 guys are using this out of context we</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3338)')">0:55:38 used to test the people with ahmed and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3340)')">0:55:40 i'm edenian so what to do that we don't</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3342)')">0:55:42 sit with the people of innovation plus</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3344)')">0:55:44 the Senate then sit with people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3345)')">0:55:45 innovation are you serious are you</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3348)')">0:55:48 really serious we can sit with people of</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3351)')">0:55:51 innovation but there are a lot of it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3354)')">0:55:54 there are rules and regulations so my</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3357)')">0:55:57 advice get knowledge and be a man be a</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3361)')">0:56:01 man a person who has who would did to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3365)')">0:56:05 have your own position and electric</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3366)')">0:56:06 position be known and if you want to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3368)')">0:56:08 stay under the radar so that's the drama</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3371)')">0:56:11 passes you by</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3372)')">0:56:12 I don't blame you this is the timeless</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3374)')">0:56:14 fitting so if a person doesn't want to</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3376)')">0:56:16 get involved in the drama and I respect</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3378)')">0:56:18 that don't get involved but be quiet and</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3382)')">0:56:22 don't impress people just because they</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3384)')">0:56:24 were oppressing them by dr. Lamas</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3387)')">0:56:27 crusade he said that the corner in math</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3389)')">0:56:29 don't be a copycat if the people do</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3392)')">0:56:32 right you do right the people do wrong</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3393)')">0:56:33 you do wrong he said the  \_\_  thing but</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3396)')">0:56:36 you try to use your brain if the people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3398)')">0:56:38 drank the right with that but the people</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3400)')">0:56:40 be wrong you don't do wrong with it</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3403)')">0:56:43 that's my point I was summer 30 it's</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3407)')">0:56:47 been a pleasure talking to you today</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3408)')">0:56:48 my pleasure acting mahamuni jab I said</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3410)')">0:56:50 laying equal Mubarak or my feet happy</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3412)')">0:56:52 and that is another interview of done</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3415)')">0:56:55 with one of the forerunners of this</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3416)')">0:56:56 selfie now are you in the United Kingdom</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3418)')">0:56:58 in cello you've benefited from this with</a> <a onclick="modifyYTiframeseektime('3421)')">0:57:01 said I wanna cancel are you wearing it</a>

</details>
